The year is 1935. The place is Hollywood.

The Los Angeles newspapers call him The Cat. He steals at night.

Tonight he is at a house in the Hollywood Hills. The people in the house are having a party. They cannot see or hear The Cat. He is on the roof.

'I need to get to that window,' he thinks.

Minutes later, he is making a hole in the window.

The Cat opens the window and gets into a bedroom. He listens, but everything is quiet in the room. The only noise is the party.

'Now I must find the jewels!' he thinks.

It only takes him a minute or two to find them.

'I can get hundreds of dollars for these!' he thinks.

Moving quickly, he puts them into his bag and leaves. Next day, at Starshine Studios, Zak Wakeman is making a movie.

The star of the movie is Natalie Nevons. She begins to act.

'OK, Natalie,' Zak says. 'Act very afraid. You want to get out of the building. You look up... you can't see Brad. But Brad, you can see Natalie, and you're waiting for her...'

'OK!' says Zak. 'Now bring on the stand-ins.'

The stand-ins are Nathan and Bud. They do all the dangerous things in the movie, all the stunts. Nathan is Natalie's stand-in, and Bud is Brad Poole's stand-in.

'Good luck, Nathan!' says Natalie.

'Thanks, Miss Nevons,' says Nathan.

Brad says nothing to Bud.

'OK!' calls Zak. 'Begin to climb up the building, Nathan.'

The two stand-ins begin to act. Nathan climbs out of the window and up onto the roof of the building.

Bud is waiting for him.

'At first you don't see Bud, Nathan!' calls Zak. 'Now you do! And Bud, you try to stop Nathan, but he gets away.'

Nathan quickly gets away from Bud and runs across the roof of the building.

Bud runs after him.

Natalie Nevons is watching them.

'I can do that,' she thinks. 'Nathan is very good, but I don't need a stand-in.'

'OK, everybody,' calls Zak. 'We are beginning again in twenty minutes.'

'I like your hair, Nathan!' says Bud, laughing. 'It's very nice. You're very pretty!'

Nathan is angry, but he says nothing. He does not like Bud.

Natalie goes to speak to Zak.

'What's wrong, Natalie?' Zak asks.

'Mr Wakeman, please can I do some of my stunts?' asks Natalie. 'I don't always need a stand-in.'

'Sorry, Natalie,' says Zak. 'The stunts are too dangerous.'

'Why do you want to do your stunts, Natalie?' Brad Poole asks her. 'I'm happy to leave the dangerous acting to Bud.'

'Are you coming to my party tonight, Natalie?' Zak asks. 'It begins at eight o'clock.'

'Yes, Mr Wakeman,' says Natalie.

'Me, too,' says Brad.

Zak goes to speak to Nathan.

'I can give you twenty dollars to park the cars at my party tonight, Nathan,' he says. 'Do you want to do it?'

'Yes, please, Mr Wakeman,' says Nathan.

That night, Natalie Nevons arrives at Zak Wakeman's house in the Hollywood Hills.

'Hi, Miss Nevons,' says Nathan.

'Hi, Nathan,' says Natalie. 'Are you working here tonight?'

'Yes,' says Nathan. 'I'm helping to park the cars.'

'Why?' asks Natalie.

'Because I need the money,' Nathan tells her.

The Cat is out again. This time, he is going to steal from Zak Wakeman's house. He leaves his car near the trees and waits. Quickly, he runs across to the building and begins to climb.

Nathan does not see The Cat. He is watching Natalie Nevons go into the house.

'There are lots of movie stars here tonight,' he thinks. 'But Miss Nevons is the most beautiful.'

After some time, Nathan goes to look at the swimming pool.

A minute later, he sees Natalie Nevons. She is coming out of the house. She has two drinks.

'I have a drink for you, Nathan,' she says.

'Oh - thanks, Miss Nevons,' says Nathan.

'You're a good stand-in, Nathan,' she says. 'But I want to do some of my stunts in the movie. Mr Wakeman says "no" but I...'
